lokpraw_regon14 27659249800038
lokpraw_nazwa APTEKA "EUROPEJSKA"
lokpraw_adSiedzKraj_Symbol PL
lokpraw_adSiedzWojewodztwo_Symbol 24
lokpraw_adSiedzPowiat_Symbol 69
lokpraw_adSiedzGmina_Symbol 011
lokpraw_adSiedzKodPocztowy 40026
lokpraw_adSiedzMiejscowoscPoczty_Symbol 0937474
lokpraw_adSiedzMiejscowosc_Symbol 0937474
lokpraw_adSiedzUlica_Symbol 24261
lokpraw_adSiedzNumerNieruchomosci 7
lokpraw_adSiedzNumerLokalu None
lokpraw_adSiedzNietypoweMiejsceLokalizacji None
lokpraw_adSiedzWojewodztwo_Nazwa ŚLĄSKIE
lokpraw_adSiedzPowiat_Nazwa m. Katowice
lokpraw_adSiedzGmina_Nazwa M. Katowice
lokpraw_adSiedzMiejscowosc_Nazwa Katowice
lokpraw_adSiedzMiejscowoscPoczty_Nazwa Katowice
lokpraw_adSiedzUlica_Nazwa ul. Test-Wilcza
lokpraw_dataPowstania 1999-08-25
lokpraw_dataRozpoczeciaDzialalnosci 1999-08-25
lokpraw_dataWpisuDoRegon None
lokpraw_dataZawieszeniaDzialalnosci None
lokpraw_dataWznowieniaDzialalnosci None
lokpraw_dataZakonczeniaDzialalnosci None
lokpraw_dataSkresleniaZRegon None
lokpraw_regon14 27659249800045
lokpraw_nazwa APTEKA "EUROPEJSKA" (GEANT)
lokpraw_adSiedzKraj_Symbol PL
lokpraw_adSiedzWojewodztwo_Symbol 24
lokpraw_adSiedzPowiat_Symbol 69
lokpraw_adSiedzGmina_Symbol 011
lokpraw_adSiedzKodPocztowy 40028
lokpraw_adSiedzMiejscowoscPoczty_Symbol 0937474
lokpraw_adSiedzMiejscowosc_Symbol 0937474
lokpraw_adSiedzUlica_Symbol 24261
lokpraw_adSiedzNumerNieruchomosci 60
lokpraw_adSiedzNumerLokalu None
lokpraw_adSiedzNietypoweMiejsceLokalizacji None
lokpraw_adSiedzWojewodztwo_Nazwa ŚLĄSKIE
lokpraw_adSiedzPowiat_Nazwa m. Katowice
lokpraw_adSiedzGmina_Nazwa M. Katowice
lokpraw_adSiedzMiejscowosc_Nazwa Katowice
lokpraw_adSiedzMiejscowoscPoczty_Nazwa Katowice
lokpraw_adSiedzUlica_Nazwa ul. Test-Wilcza
lokpraw_dataPowstania 1999-11-15
lokpraw_dataRozpoczeciaDzialalnosci 1999-11-17
lokpraw_dataWpisuDoRegon None
lokpraw_dataZawieszeniaDzialalnosci None
lokpraw_dataWznowieniaDzialalnosci None
lokpraw_dataZakonczeniaDzialalnosci None
lokpraw_dataSkresleniaZRegon None
